Alicia PratherEnd of course reflection* What stood out to you as the most important things you learned about computer programming this quarter?  Why do you think they're important?I think the most important things I learned this term were loops and arrays.  Those 2 concepts allow the program to perform a great a deal of tasks and once we learned the topics, they were useful in the majority of the methods we were writing.  Without looping, programs would require far too much code written line by line and no way to automate an end to a task.  Arrays and vectors are also very useful as it is sometimes necessary to store many variables or objects together.  * What topics do you still find confusing?  What can you do to get a better grasp on them?I am still having some difficulty with pointers and arrays.  They are beginning to make more sense, but I’m still struggling with them.  In the final assignment, I started to become comfortable calling functions with pointers, but I still need more practice with these.  Dynamically allocated memory is a concept that makes sense to me, but I still need to carefully review the book and steps that need to be taken to use it.  My last 3 assignments all had some issues with pointers, arrays, and dynamic memory.  Over the next month, between terms I plan to go through each of those assignments and fix some of the errors still contained in them.  I might even start from scratch and rewrite them to develop automaticity in using these concepts.  I might also try the questions in the book for each section or find some programming challenges online.  * What did you learn this quarter about how taking online courses works for you?I’ve taken and taught quite a few online courses.  This is the first course that I really struggled with the online format.  I might even consider attempting to take some courses in person if that will be possible.  I found that I sometimes had questions that were very difficult to have answered with the online format.  However, I am finding that often the problem is actually that I don’t know how to phrase the question in a way that others can answer.  I’m starting to get better results by carefully thinking through my questions and writing them down to make sure that they make sense before presenting them to someone else.  * How can you generalize your experience in this course in a way that will help you in future courses?I think the most important key to success in the course is to be diligent and thorough about doing the reading and practicing each small concept so it can build into the bigger program.  Building a large program takes patience and the ability to break the assignment into manageable components.  In the final assignment, I feel like I developed a stronger method of breaking it into smaller pieces so I never felt overwhelmed by the assignment.  * How has this course helped crystallize your ideas about what a career that involves computer programming might be like?I don’t feel like I have a complete idea of what a career in programming will be like because I still feel like I am a beginner.  However, I have enjoyed the tasks so far even though it was a greater time commitment than I had anticipated.  I went into this course with no idea of what computer programmers really do.  This course did help me understand better how code is written and turned into a functioning program.  I am looking forward to carrying those skills forward and developing more complex programs.  